[Music]
since the dawn of time life on Earth has
been constantly evolving but with every
step forward there are always a few
[Music]
still trying to catch up you know we
always hunt rabbits couldn't try hunting
something bigger look at the solar tribe
we are with a rabbit hunting try and it
served us very well up till now
[Music]
the rabbits are 14 plus I don't think
this is rabbits the edge of stone is
over long lives the edge of bronze
[Music]
sliced bread Wow that's the best thing
since well ever where have you been the
Stone Age
Afghan are finished it's time to take
our Valley back
you're pretty brave gave them
and stupid what strange magic is this
actually more stupid than brave really
Thanks